Update "Integrating ROOT into cmake projects" (#467)
root-project/web: manual/integrate_root_into_my_cmake_project/index.md

      [OPTIONS opt1 opt2 ...] )
{% endhighlight %}

## Full example (event project)

The following is an example of a project that creates a library including a dictionary and an executable file.

{% highlight C++ %}
# CMakeLists.txt for the "event" package. It creates a library with a dictionary and a main program.
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.0 FATAL_ERROR)
project(event)

# If ROOT is not installed in a default system location you need to tell CMake where to find it.
# Sourcing `thisroot.sh` already sets the required environment variables.
# Otherwise, adding the installation prefix of ROOT to CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH tells cmake where to look:

> #list(APPEND CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH "/path/to/root/installation")

Reviewer: Isn't a better suggestion to add `-DROOT_DIR="/path/to/root/installation"` to the command line invocation, rather than suggesting it be hardcoded it into a CMakeLists?

Reviewer 2: I'd say even better would be to suggest `-DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=...`  rather than `-DROOT_DIR=...`, as that's a generic way that works for all packages.

Author: how about now?

Reviewer: Now you overwrite `CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH` with a cached variable so the CMakeLists.txt can't set it. While it's not the best practice, some CMakeLists do mess with it - it would be better to be able to set the directory per package in the examples for those packages, and `<package_name>_DIR` is generic and works for all packages.

Author: if I understand correctly the discussion is now about `-DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH` vs `-DROOT_DIR`. I don't really know enough to have a preference, @amadio @oshadura what do you say?

Reviewer 2: I think Henri's argument is good. Go for `-DROOT_DIR=...` then.

Author: alright, `-DROOT_DIR` it is then! done!

> # Locate the ROOT package and define a number of useful variables (e.g. ROOT_INCLUDE_DIRS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Locate the ROOT package and define a number of useful targets and variables.
```

Using the variables is asking for trouble, so better to avoid suggesting an explicit name here, I think.

> find_package(ROOT REQUIRED COMPONENTS RIO Net)

Reviewer 3: Let's add here as well `Tree` to make it match to list of `target_link_libraries`?

Author: or remove `ROOT::Tree` from the list above, I don't know why I added it

Author: (done)

include_directories(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/include)
ROOT_GENERATE_DICTIONARY(G__Event Event.h LINKDEF EventLinkDef.h)

# Creates a shared library with a generated dictionary.
add_library(Event SHARED Event.cxx G__Event.cxx)

> target_link_libraries(Event PUBLIC ROOT::RIO ROOT::Net ROOT::Tree)

Author: ```suggestion
target_link_libraries(Event PUBLIC ROOT::RIO ROOT::Net)
```
